01001111
========

+	**include.php**
		Used to include the basics of the 01001111 library and define required constants.

css
---

+	**01001111.css**
		A collection of css styles to help facilitate rapid development through intuitive naming and classification. Also removes default browser borders, margins, and padding on most containers.

js
--

+	**+.js**
		Various conversion and formatting functions extending the native Javascript objects. Contains an extensive expansion of the Date object, a Cookie object for rapid getting and setting of cookie variables, and a rudimentary JSON encoder.
+	**Color.js**
		Javascript object for for creating and converting colors. Enables the developer to easily calculate and control the RGB, HSV, CMYK, decimal, and hex values of a Color and provides a few transformation functions.
+	**dom+.js**
		Expanded DOM methods and routines. Improvements ranging from AJAX form submission and uploads to window manipulation and rapid table or select box creation. Requires +.js and prototype.js.
+	**Flipbook.js**
		Add a "flipbook" (a looping sequence of images in a single frame) to a web page. Requires +.js, dom+.js and prototype.js.
+	**Validate.js**
		Provides the functionality to validate variables and inputs with regular expressions and callbacks. Contains functionality to automatically validate all form inputs on a page and execute a callback on success of failure.

php
---

+	**_.php**
		A class containing wrapper functions that take care of variable checking/access for arrays, objects, constants, and php globals, data sanitization, function calling, data outputting, and more.
+	**_01001111.php**
		01001111 lib helper class.
+	**+.php**
		Miscellaneous PHP functions.
+	**Color.php**
		A class for creating and converting colors. Enables the developer to easily calculate and control the RGB, HSV, CMYK, decimal, and hex values of a Color and provides a few transformation functions.
+	**Cookie.php**
		A simple interface for managing Cookies.
+	**Database.php**
		A multilayered yet simple interface to a MySQL database.
+	**Disinfect.php**
		Provides methods for disinfecting and sanitizing potentialy malicious user input.
+	**FeedReader.php**
		Grab Atom or RSS2 Feeds and return key information from the posts as Feed and FeedEntry objects.
+	**Filesystem.php**
		A simple interface for file/directory I/O, exploration, and manipulation.
+	**Graphics.php**
		A collection of graphics creation and image manipulation functions. 
		Uses the Color and Image classes.
		*REQUIRES* gd2 to be enabled
+	**HTTP.php**
		A simple interface for performing HTTP queries, setting/getting headers, and determining mimetypes.
+	**Image.php**
		A simple interface for image handling and manipulation.
		*REQUIRES* gd2 to be enabled
+	**IP.php**
		Wrapper for common IP (v4) address related functions
+	**Logger.**
		 File based Logger, stores logs in different files segregated by type and date.
+	**Mandlebrot.php**
		A simple Mandlebrot set fractal generator.
+	**Math.php**
		A few helpful math and number conversion functions.
+	**Obfuscate.php**
		Obfuscating data for transferal between php and javascript.
+	**Page.php**
		Rapidly create a web page layout based on the 01001111.css class.
+	**PHP.php**
		Parse a php file to grab variable, function, and class names. Also run a script, include the definitions, and return the output buffer as a string. Will be expanded to include PHP file obfuscation methods.
+	**Random.php**
		Random numbers, letters, zip codes, names, and more.
+	**Serialize.php**
		*Serialize Class* - A simple interface for serializing arrays and objects for transmission/storage. 
		*Unserialize Class* - A simple interface for unserializing the strings generated by the Serialize class.
+	**Socket.php**
		*Socket Class* - encapsulates common socket procedures. 
		*ClientSocket Class* - client specific socket procedures
+	**Strings.php**
		Additional string functions
+	**System.php**
		Get system info and make system calls.
+	**Validate.php**
		Validate variables with regular expressions and callbacks
+	**XHTML.php**
		A group of wrapper static functions that minimize repetition in bulding xhtml components by providing shortcuts and default attributes.

modules
-------

+	**Authentication.php**
		Extendable multi-mode authentication with builti-in data obfuscation and malicious activity detection.
+	**DatabaseAuthentication.php**
		Database based extension of the Authentication class.
+	**FileAuthentication.php**
		PHP file based extension of the Authentication class.
+	**DatabaseExplorer.php**
		Display and explore the contents of a database table in a paged, sortable (X)HTML table.
